Italy embark on an adventure to the
world's most exquisite destination a
place of preserved history incomparable
beauty and unparalleled tranquility
I saw midday grow green blends right
into the Italian architecture hang on
[Music]
it was the bowling cafe
happens when you try to steal whole
country right yeah we probably could use
the warm-up mission Blitzer 4.0 me up
right here I'm coming to you
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry for yelling
David no no not the David Oh sir did you
want to get out and compare or should we
maybe think about going yeah
this holiday season
stop your adventure in Italy
[Music]
I love Italy
I'm Sonic a little ball of super energy
in an extremely handsome package on my
planet people were always after my
powers so I came to yours it gets a
little lonely okay I am living my best
life on earth
oh that the plates hanging at the
pitcher's mound also sonic no I can't
with that guy
[Applause]
[Music]
by hiding out in my garage for me if
they steal my power they could conquer
the universe you have to help me
Louie don't please it's life or death
good morning my rural chum mr. dr.
Robotnik I'm going to give you five
seconds to tell me where it is wait
don't hurt him road trip this can't be
happening me oh my god stop back all
right yeah what the world's largest
rubber band ball we gotta see it no this
is not some fun family road trip Yeah
right it was lame gift shop was cool
though whatever this creature is I'm
going to uncover the source its power
[Music]
I just thought you might like a latte
with steamed Austrian goat milk of
course I would a lot of take I love the
way you make them without a lay low let
me show you how it's done so super get
out of here yeah time to go I always
want to do this
that was an illegal left by the way why
would you throw your life away for this
citizens of a lien good time is my
friend let's go
[Applause]
my power
and I'm using it to protect my friends
so you're supposed to be Tom's best
friend that he won't shut up about well
I don't see the appeal we're doing an
issue on inspirational people Oh
mr. Rogers hello neighbor the beloved
children's television host so good to
see you again today
you hired me as an investigative
journalist I don't do puff pieces 400
words play nice mr. Rogers I'm here to
interview you it is so nice to meet you
this piece will be for an issue about
heroes do you consider yourself a hero I
insisted he read you before we agreed
and did he every article we could find
okay profiling mr. majors on our program
I tried to look through the camera into
the eyes of a single child it's just
about the nicest person I've ever met I
just don't know if he's for real Boyd
please come on my child all these people
line up to tell you their problems that
would be an incredible burden on you
sometimes we have to ask for help and
that's okay you love broken people like
me I don't think you were broken
[Music]
you need to let people know that meet
one of them is precious sound Daniel I'm
said Thank You Daniel did you just talk
to the puppet
please I'm talking oh it's about to
start
ready ready popcorn but nachos she
prepare with red licorice all right it's
time we made a new movie good idea Scoob
but first we need a trailer oh can you
do the trailer guy voice let me give it
a shot in the world destroyed by evil
discover the epic origin story the
greatest team of heroes
of mystery bad nailed it
[Music]
hi this mangy stray is coming with me
he's not a stray okay then what's his
name his name's you Scooby middle name
doobie last name do would always be
without you never take it off maybe
don't do that again I'm Fred this is
Velma hi and that's Daphne hey I'm
Shaggy and this is scooby-doo nice to
meet you
yeah
No
whoa whoa whoa Shaggy and Scooby were
taken do you realize where we are look a
real man the clean modernist thing the
cool-blue color palette where in my case
did you say I can't nope
I said well can't you just like you
maybe this can lead us to Scooby and
Shaggy trace amounts of moustache oil
twelve-year-old scotch
it's the bad guy my dad there is an
elevator in the elevator you press the
button it to the floor with no name
behind those doors is a life
you always tremble
[Music]
the pilot but here this weekend
you will be our glasses
here anything and everything is possible
no service it's not everything is
possible
good evening I'm mr. Urich let me
officially welcome you to Fantasy Island
[Music]
[Applause]
curious how this all works what if your
fantasy involves a person from your life
Holograms like to what if it's
somebody who died to pop them so what's
your fantasy revenge on a childhood
bully buddy at the your life is about to
change I hope you're ready
that is really good hologram there is
only one fantasy per guest
and you must see your fantasy through no
matter what oh my god that's really her
porch this is not what I meant
what the hell is this place people died
here the islands twisting what we asked
we weren't brought here to have our own
fantasies oh honey we were brought here
to be a part of something else okay
I'm your friend
[Music]
what's going on with you what's new
how much
I hate the idea of you down there by
yourself all the time just drink it I'm
fine
I appreciate it
but it's I'm fine ever since I heard how
we and I suppose you're wondering why I
called you over here
I didn't need to go where
our basketball coach had a heart attack
the other night we need a new coach Jack
then you know you give the team any good
no the last time they made the playoffs
back when you were playing your Marcus
right that's right how many threes and
markets make last year a percentage of
26 yeah wonder why they're leaving you
open it's because they don't think you
could hit the ocean from the beach
backside show as Brett
[Music]
so I like coaching so far great it's
getting used to the players for players
[Music]
her chair coaching basketball yeah he's
pretty busy keeps my mind off other
things you know what she said
I spent a lot of time i market myself
carry of the name I have a lot of
regrets
[Music]
Dan's online I want you taking that shot
why is that so hard for you to believe
or maybe the best player on the team
[Music]
earlier suffering
I just want you to be happy again but
you gotta want it too
keep pressing traffic taking charges
you guys on this tonight
[Music]
my goodness
breathless made you a star of the new
wave why do you think the French fell in
love with you they fell in love with the
character they get me instead and who is
that who is Jean Seberg
[Music]
million Americans look at you and they
see an escape they want the girl from
the Midwest America's Sweetheart I've
been trying to get away from that girl
my whole life this country is at war
with itself Vietnam the oppression of
black people in America it's the same
disgusting racism the revolution needs
movie stars who's that Samaki just
driving some free publicity she has a
history of donations to civil rights
groups
she's a sympathizer sir I think she
could be useful you must be some kind of
crazy to come to this neighborhood and
that car was it my money were chasing
was it me they've tapped our phones
they're listening I can hear these
little clicks on the line I think it's
the governor where have you been I kept
this late at the office our job is to
cheapen our image in the eyes of the
public there's things that I've been
ordered to do those are pictures from
our bedroom are you having an affair
they're pushing her too hard she's
coming apart this comes from above you
can't stand that I might be a part of
something more important than books or
articles or movies what are you a part
of exhibit the end of two marriages
how is it you swing by your limousine
open your legs and your checkbook and
you think that gives you the right to
anything you want I only ever wanted to
help well that doesn't make you a better
person that makes you a tourist to
defame somebody who speaks out against
their government is the type of
persecution you run around with a
handful of nails looking for across the
dial you deserve to know the truth
woman has her secrets huh you want to be
friends
[Music]
this summer the search begins friends
don't let friends go on dangerous quest
[Music]
with all new faces
hello call me sage good news I made out
of sage I am a sage so it works out
pretty well
I'm Patrick my name means toaster in
Celtic look weird spongebob movie sponge
on the run I love your sense of irony
Patrick thank you I love my sense of
irony to this film is not yet rated we
know how things started he answered one
of your fan letters and then an unlikely
correspondence began etc etc why don't
you just back it all the way up to how
things started with you and John left on
it
I had just turned 11 kids at school or
mocking me into being a new guy my mom
and I were barely speaking anymore all
my dreams had disappeared the only one
that had survived was John yeah and
you're getting a pony for Christmas he
on the other hand had everything my fans
[Music]
I'm the luckiest guy in the world that's
the time around which some people
started to wonder was it all a lie oh
five years ago it was wrong foolish for
me to think you would answer but he did
I'm 11 years old but later I'll be like
him and will act and movies together you
made up a story I did it you lied and
you live for years I just didn't see
anything did you or did you not write
letters to that kid do your job next
you are never to write to that man again
do you understand
some why release the letters now it's
been 12 years and frankly if things
really changed us as a society what we
want that we seek I mean what should an
artist reveal himself and why does it
matter to us I feel like I've done
everything wrong I don't belong here
stolen someone else's place how could
you have stolen a place that was made
just for you ma can I stay here tonight
he can stay here for the rest of your
life
dear Rupert
I cannot think of a more singular friend
no one will understand this friendship
[Applause]
until the day you want them to
[Music]
you
thanks for coming out what's cool Josh
you pressured a student to reveal an
intimate moment in front of an entire
classroom you really want me to say yes
we're writers embarrass yourselves we're
gonna need you to take some time off you
[Music]
look so much better just hot moms
cleaning out her apartment it's very
confusing I'm gonna get rid of it
grandma's still alive I don't want to
live anymore
I need the grandma you're like my best
friend I want to be in heaven all right
give me the doll then you're gonna be
with Grandpa very soon nothing it's just
fluffing the pillows talk about your
gorgeous immigrant well I just wonder if
we could be a little bit more intimate
if there's a way to incorporate just a
little affection okay well we're
basically on the same page
[Music]
hello anything okay
there's not much time who's on the phone
whose voice is it it's nice name
everything's a joke to you isn't it it's
no wonder you're trouble with your
school think for a second Josh they
wanted us to talk about making this a
safe space could you stop recording me
my I'd like to make this pass have a
dialog punch batter yeah oh great I
thought dad was your son
these kids hit the jackpot one day
Caillou was a grandma
you're gonna hire many people who love
you at your back
[Music]
this is the story of the girl who saved
me
[Music]
do you live around here
we're gonna waste my heart our money on
rent yeah I wasn't expecting company
[Music]
shall we just get food like normal
people and all people pay 20 bucks for a
bag of popcorn some gummy bears
you're 16:13 out here 16 we're getting
rid of Ellie I'm sleep I me or that's my
street
we live in a transactional reality ever
as either buying something or stealing
you don't give anyone anything they can
used to hurt you
just been back in my coffee cup the
scuppers okay
are they doing having fans in all
directions like the star from lightning
you want to tell me why you left the
street girl saved you saw an opportunity
ditching me I'll feed off of each other
she's gonna take what you entrusted to
her friend here she's gonna put it up
her arm and float away where you can't
find her
[Music]
like picture the money my phone is it's
all gone you tell your boyfriend that
anybody's right you don't know how you
really think you're taking care of her
you gotta do is go home I can't you're
stronger than you said nobody loves
anyone
[Music]
brakes
one more
[Music]
and queen Bart of the Hard Rock trolls
I'm here take your string bro we lose
our string we lose our music I'm gonna
unite the six strings and destroy all
music except for one
I can't believe another queen would use
her power for evil these other fools
aren't like us they dance different they
sing different
[Music]
if barb collects all the strings our
music will be destroyed forever we're
gonna need a battle plan and weapons
violence never solves a problem branch
oak how are we gonna hug our way out of
this one I will protect you no matter
what i pinky promise you can't go back
on a penis
Oh pinkie promise
we need to go undercover with only rock
trolls are allowed back yeah we are
genuine hard rock authorities cool
a smooth jazz paralyzed
[Music]
I can't
a woman called for you last night she
was looking for her daughter a friend of
yours Cory
Callen Carolyn we aren't really friends
anymore
I put more of these up every day honey
can you help me with this I'm making a
flyer for that missing girl I saw the
ones her mother's been putting up in
they're hideous
you spilled her name wrong oh well I'm
not gonna start over now I worked really
hard on this I thought your dad lost his
job what do you do okay anyway honey
aren't you gonna eat
of course not if you need some extra
money you could probably sell my meds to
your friends at school
as most of you know Carolyn Harper's
been missing since Friday night you know
anything let us know meeting
brif the darkness and corruption leave a
vestige of the thoughts that once I had
better by far that you should forget and
smile and that you shouldn't remember
and be sad
can you feel
I need to know there's a way out of this
place
[Music]
what do you think is going on here it
will almost kill you
but you will not die from this
you were warned
ever right
if only God wanted to hold you
del prima photography Natalia tourism
cotillion universitary Jordan seafood
cream on machine you a service animal
sposa in primo chemicals in matrimonial
some switches because I moved to viola
income
they all know cambiar mi amiga believe
oh I'm a sous vide overall natira
maintain not even several of you
[Music]
toady blue throated synchronicity no
George no turn arimasu chase often
ambulances see me
oh no vote reward re-training akivi
trellis some Samba Samba Samba some with
real or opens a toady brooch our local
poet pence Adumim isn't even a low low
near no minutes October telephone and
immortal continuative Grasse Chappelle's
bubble came apart a bit sorry with the
corner
[Applause]
La Jolla nom de la condicin are you
missing Talavera
occasionally better danger licorice she
went to La Casa Bella to chase her
previous column moving
[Music]